---
layout: toc-page
title: Corporate CLA
id: corporate_cla
lang: en
---

* Table of contents. This line is required to start the list.
{:toc}

# Contributor License Agreements

# **TODO(Netflix): NEED TO MAKE SIGNING THESE THINGS ELECTRONIC.**

## Netflix Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement

In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with
Contributions from any person or entity, Netflix Inc. ("Netflix") must
have a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) on file that has been
signed by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms
below. This license is for your protection as a Contributor as well as
the protection of Netflix and its users; it does not change your rights
to use your own Contributions for any other purpose.

This version of the Agreement allows an entity (the "Corporation") to
submit Contributions to Netflix, to authorize Contributions submitted
by its designated employees to Netflix, and to grant copyright and
patent licenses thereto.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your
present and future Contributions submitted to Netflix. Except for the
license granted herein to Netflix and recipients of software
distributed by Netflix, You reserve all right, title, and interest in
and to Your Contributions.

1. Definitions.
<br><br>
"You" (or "Your") shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with
Netflix. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all
other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with that entity are considered to be a single
Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i)
the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of
such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of
fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii)
beneficial ownership of such entity.
<br><br>
"Contribution" shall mean the code, documentation or any original work
of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing
work, that is intentionally submitted by You to Netflix for inclusion
in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by
Netflix (the "Work"). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
Netflix or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf
of, Netflix for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

1. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to Netflix and to recipients of
software distributed by Netflix a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative
works.

1. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to Netflix and to recipients of
software distributed by Netflix a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this
section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell,
import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies
only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily
infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was
submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or
any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you
have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under
this Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the
date such litigation is filed.

1. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above
license. You represent further that each employee of the Corporation
designated by You is authorized to submit Contributions on behalf of
the Corporation.

1. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original
creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others).

1. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions,
except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide
support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

1. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation,
You may submit it to Netflix separately from any Contribution,
identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or
other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents,
trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware,
and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a
third-party: [named here]".

1. It is your responsibility to notify Netflix when any change is
required to the list of designated employees authorized to submit
Contributions on behalf of the Corporation, or to the Corporation's
Point of Contact with Netflix.
